you see the Nokia c3 1 0 1 which appeared in the first quarter of 2011
So this is a brand new device
Brand new on the market
and not only fresh but also very simple and simple
that's why there is only one simple thing about a couple of them, Georg
Here we see the device here a few technical data
yes, here is the name Nokia 10 1 of the 1
I take the money out of the packaging
As usual, ca Nokias as always Albarn enough her to the environment
and
there is the device I take it here is what they used to be
is such a protective film on it
and that's how it looks
If you hold it in your hand then it just falls on it is totally
it is easy so it weighs almost nothing
That's how Singles felt
and what is remarkably quite a lot of plastic has been processed
what is also grass over plastic the device is simple and cheap
the APK child traveled corresponded at the end of the video
that is a very soft one
and percent anyway but relatively stable so it is not the court now
but it is still compact
I think that may fall down one or the other times without that now
great what happens
Nia down what we see from the outside now
Percent, if we ever consider the case here we have 180 millimeters
sometimes 45 millimeters
14 millimeters at the thickest point and if we already and on top
look then here we see a 3 point 5-millimeter jack for headphones
Here you can connect your own headphones that is very convenient
on the left find nothing
except here its solve Phil key chain or if you look
discreetly hanging around your neck
Here we see impetus for the charger which is a proprietary one
Charger from Nokia
yes and then we have here the entrance of the make-up for the micro SBK world
more that's about a little bit everything
MF which I turn around here without a name again around the microphone
and we still have a camera that record in VG resolution
the occasion is 4 included
Scharner Meier
there have now first the course
it is a lithium ion of thousands of billions
Mr. hours 8
this is the acute beds is still a
and that at night
the proprietary charger we can see
Lander on
and then we have headphones here
then of course use the chamber around
to listen to music
but also to make a phone call here with this button
with 3com at 5 mm
Jack also have it here he lets himself
a manual
so
yes, if I want to put in updated now the must here
Make cap app
and then you come in the SIM card that I'll do it once
then there's the tube pushing
FAQ on it
and again this day and cover over it again with AQ weighs the device
now
around the age of 79
and according to Nokia, we have a talk time of only ten dollars 6, according to Nokia
Hours with these Haq in standby mode should keep the acute for the 21 days
besides, we have here an internal memory of 64 megawatts expandable
this over Maco sd card up to 32 gigabytes
so
now we have the battery
Now I tell you how much the device costs the device costs 50 euros
That is definitely a good value for money one can
This device just buy Midnight Blue Dark Gray Tree Digger or Red Fred hat
the ones seen on the pack